make a btech computer science engineering final year project with frontend, backend, ml model of Hybrid Recommendation System using Collaborative Filtering + Content-Based Filtering (CBF + CF) with no mockdata or testdata but only real data.
now I need all real data
ill say how to make this project work
1. make this project go online and connect to the internet
2. gather location info of the user by permissions
3. show restaurants near the user
4. add respective menu items of the restaurants and their prices [gather information from the internet, only use real data, Dont generate mock data or test data, only real data and gather any data from the internet]
5. user needs to select the item needed
6. user has a choice to add the item directly or change the ingredients on the respective item
7. the ml model should show recommendations accordingly
8. make sure the order that respective item as it is or any if any changes done, make changes and order that changed item
9. payment option and pay [payment options are cards, UPI, cash on delivery]
10. add a live telecast option to show that the item being prepared via live telecast between the restaurant chef and the user and make it optional not mandatory
11. track the item via delivery
12. item delivered to user
13. feedback to restaurant
14. feedback to app

add these too to make a real website

API Keys: Add real Google Places API and Google Maps API keys
Database: Migrate to PostgreSQL for production
Authentication: Implement user registration and login UI
Payment: Integrate Stripe or PayPal for real payments
Real Data: Connect to actual restaurant APIs (Yelp, DoorDash, etc.)
Notifications: Add SMS/email notifications for order updates

STRICTLY NO MOCKDATA OR TEST DATA SHOULD BE USED, ONLY REAL DATA
TRAIN THE ML MODEL WITH REAL DATA TOO

install requirements if needed, fix all problems, errors, bugs etc

MAKE THIS PROJECT DEPLOYMENT READY

skip steps if already done but double check everything

do not create any documentation or readme or whatever
only focus on the project purely